Refresh of Java SDK index page (#997)
mapbox/android-docs: src/pages/java/overview/index.md

> > **Note:** If your application is close or exceeds the 65k method count limit, you can mitigate this problem by specifying only the specific Mapbox Android Service APIs. See the selectively compiling APIs section below.

Author: Switched to the component

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.mapbox.mapboxsdk</groupId>
    <artifactId>DESIRED_JAVA_SDK_PACKAGE</artifactId>
    <version>{{constants.JAVA_SDK_VERSION }}</version>
</dependency>
```

### Available packages

Here are the current Java SDK dependencies, which you can use in your Android/Java project.

**GeoJSON** – Java classes which model [the GeoJSON spec](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7946).

```groovy
implementation 'com.mapbox.mapboxsdk:mapbox-sdk-geojson:{{constants.JAVA_SDK_VERSION }}'
```

**Services** – Convenient wrappers to interact with Mapbox APIs: Matrix, Geocoder, Tilequery, Optimization, Static Image, Map Matching, and Isochrone.

```groovy
implementation 'com.mapbox.mapboxsdk:mapbox-sdk-services:{{constants.JAVA_SDK_VERSION }}'
```

**[Turf for Java](/android/java/overview/turf/)** - Runtime on-device geospatial calculations.

```groovy
implementation 'com.mapbox.mapboxsdk:mapbox-sdk-turf:{{constants.JAVA_SDK_VERSION }}'
```

**Core** - Color, text, and networking utility classes.

```groovy
implementation 'com.mapbox.mapboxsdk:mapbox-sdk-core:{{constants.JAVA_SDK_VERSION }}'
```

### Access tokens

> You'll need to have a Mapbox access token if you plan to use any of the `mapbox-sdk-services` wrappers around Mapbox APIs. An access token isn't needed if you plan to use the Mapbox Java SDK for GeoJSON parsing or Turf calculations. Learn more about [how access tokens work](https://www.mapbox.com/help/create-api-access-token/).

Author: Changed to 

An access token **is not** needed if you plan to use the Mapbox Java SDK's GeoJSON library, Turf library, or certain parts of its Core library. Learn more about [how access tokens work](https://docs.mapbox.com/help/how-mapbox-works/access-tokens/).

### Point object

> Throughout the APIs exposed within the Java SDK, you'll notice the common usage of the `Point` object to represent a coordinate. Longitude followed by latitude is the order of a `Point`'s coordinate pair. If you use the Maps SDK with the Java SDK, you'll notice that the `LatLng` object has the reverse order; latitude comes before the longitude value. Creating a new `Point` is fairly straightforward and can be converted from a `LatLng` object if you are using the Mapbox Maps SDK for Android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Java SDK uses the `Point` object to represent a geographical coordinate.  `Point` objects contain two values, longitude and latitude, in that order. This order is the reverse of the `LatLng` object in the Mapbox Maps SDK for Android. If you are using the Maps SDK and the Java SDK together, you will need to convert  between `Point` and `LatLng` objects.
```

> The Java SDK will try to detect if your coordinates are outside the accepted range. This range is between -180 to 180 for longitudes and -90 to 90 for latitude. If the coordinates are outside the accepted range, the Java SDK will log a warning.

Reviewer: I don't think we need this paragraph.

Author: Removed

{{
<CodeLanguageToggle id="location" />
<ToggleableCodeBlock

java={`
Point point = Point.fromLngLat(LONGITUDE, LATITUDE);
`}

kotlin={`
val singlePoint = Point.fromLngLat(LONGITUDE, LATITUDE);
`}
/>
}}

### Support and contributions

> - If you are looking for support using this SDK, either reach out through [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/mapbox+android) or through our [contact page](https://www.mapbox.com/contact/).

Reviewer: I think this section should be simplified to something like: 

>## Support and contributions
>- For support using the Java SDK, browse [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/mapbox+android) or [contact support](https://support.mapbox.com).
>- For reproducible bugs and feature requests, open an issue in [the Java SDK GitHub repository](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-java).
>- To contribute to this project, see the [contributing guidelines on GitHub](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-java/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Author: Fixed
